Citus Packaging Request Template (#827)
citusdata/packaging: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/citus-packaging-request-template.md

---

> name: Citus Packaging Request Template
> about: Citus Packaging Request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: Citus release checklist template
about: Please make sure to follow the checklist below along the release process.
```

> title: Bump to Citus X.Y.Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Citus release checklist - [vX.Y.Z]
```

> labels: release_checklist

Reviewer: ```suggestion
labels: release checklist
```

---
name: Citus release checklist template
about: Please make sure to follow the checklist below along the release process.
title: Citus release checklist - [vX.Y.Z]
labels: release checklist
assignees: gurkanindibay

---

## Several things to note here

These instructions assume you have `$VERSION`, `$PROJECT`, and `$REPO` environment variables set in your shell (e.g. `10.0.2`, `citus`, and `citus`). With those set, code from most steps can be copy-pasted.

> **After this checklist, you're still not done: open a release checklist in Enterprise and release there, too!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**After this checklist, you're still not done: open a release checklist for Enterprise too!**
```

# Update OS Packages
## Debian and RedHat
- Change your directory to `packaging` repository directory & checkout `all-$PROJECT` branch.

> - [x] Run the pipeline using branch name as all-citus https://github.com/citusdata/packaging/actions/workflows/update_package_properties.yml. Input tag name and if version is fancy, input the fancy version_no. Other parameters could be kept as is if you want

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run the pipeline using branch name as `all-$PROJECT` https://github.com/citusdata/packaging/actions/workflows/update_package_properties.yml. Input tag name and if version is fancy, input the fancy version_no. Other parameters could be kept as is if you want
```

  - Then check the following (needed for both debian & redhat):
    - [x] Updated `pkglatest` variable in the `pkgvars` file to `$VERSION.citus-1`
  - Then check the following (needed for debian):
    - [x] A new entry (`$VERSION.citus-1`, `stable`) is added to the `debian/changelog` file
  - Then check the following (needed for redhat):
    - [x] `$PROJECT.spec` file is updated:

>       - [x] `Version:` field

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Updated `pkglatest` variable in the `pkgvars` file to `$VERSION.citus-1`
  - Then check the following (needed for debian):
    - [ ] A new entry (`$VERSION.citus-1`, `stable`) is added to the `debian/changelog` file
  - Then check the following (needed for redhat):
    - [ ] `$PROJECT.spec` file is updated:
      - [ ] `Version:` field
```

Author: Already fixed :)

      - [ ] `Source0:` field
      - [ ] A new entry (`$VERSION.citus-1`) in the `%changelog` section
- [ ] <s>Check the CI outputs for the PR on packaging repo thoroughly.</s>
- [ ] Get changes reviewed; merge the PR

> - [ ] Ensure Github Actions builds completed successfully and package count for each os is as below table and packages in postgres versions is compliant with postgres-matrix.yml in the all-citus branch

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ensure Github Actions builds completed successfully and package count for each os is as below table and packages in postgres versions is compliant with `postgres-matrix.yml` in the `all-project` branch
```

- [ ] Run `https://github.com/citusdata/docker/actions/workflows/update_version.yml` on docker repo, and check the following:
  - [ ] A new PR created with `release-XXX` pattern in [docker repository checkout](https://github.com/citusdata/docker), based on `master`
  - [ ] Citus version is bumped in the `Dockerfile`, `Dockerfile-alpine` and `docker-compose.yml` files
  - [ ] A new entry in the `CHANGELOG` noting that the Citus version has been bumped (and the PostgreSQL one, if applicable)
  - [ ] Optional: Locally build your image and test it standalone and in a cluster: `docker build -t citusdata/citus:$VERSION .`
- [ ] Check CI job outputs of the pull request and ask for review, then merge the pr.
- [ ] Tag the latest `master` as `v$VERSION`: `git fetch && git tag -a -s v$VERSION origin/master && git push origin v$VERSION`
- [ ] Ensure the Github Actions builds complete successfully
(You should expect 9 tags to be updated/created on [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/citusdata/citus/tags?page=1&ordering=last_updated))
- latest
- nightly
- x.y.x
- x.y
- x
- x.y.x-alpine
- x.y-alpine
- x-alpine
- alpine

# Update PGXN

> - [ ] Run https://github.com/citusdata/packaging/actions/workflows/update-pgxn-version.yml` on packaging repo, and check the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run https://github.com/citusdata/packaging/actions/workflows/update-pgxn-version.yml on packaging repo, and check the following:
```
